with these sentences the rejection finds 2 20 Germany is in this sentence with
6 to 3
dpa by Christian sweet but counter
as well
they whiz
for the german team
has long consulted Boll
it was decided to Timo Boll for the second single
give up
the cells produce
Players are allowed to play a maximum of two times
In some places, it is the second time after his sensational victory
but confirmed
spectacular rally
7 under control and were 2 7 to 4
they are again
no chances
June to do before hits Kishi Korber
this ball
to reach
very nice action is missing Christian sweet
Chef Antonio Tedesco Cologne
maybe he realized it was a pity
once played up to this goal Timo Boll double
that'll be the classic
right-left-combination fact-finder
Photo AFP also the ministry
It is recommended a bit in the way and promptly used it is not ideal
play in doubles
allows
Knesebeck transmitter
excellent double
second and third places in big tournaments
are certainly slightly favored here
for hundreds of crew leads as I said a total of 4 2-leadership still
Point is still missing
to collect the final
the first many probably decided against China
the day after tomorrow German time you have
Group game not over
the newlyweds center
then they can with this set showed three winning sets I stayed
lie
they have designed
second man additional boost
we have
seen to this passage
not after the attack
shortened in second place of the overall ranking
find this point
18 boys
Vienna
Sarni
in addition to high-class match Timo Boll subject
hor
she knows what she wants
for Christian sweet and Dimitrij Ovtcharovs
Sold Christian Gross
Düsseldorf RPO may become
have been asked
which rotation played the decisive part, there are cards
many thought
Winter can pull
RAA
Drive class counter more
after that, both the leadership are the German team
Richard Prause right
tus-trainer and Timo Boll
now decide this sentence for yourself
but there before
often this is known
Next
one of his skills
in a raffle
Rank ten to score 2 set effect
Harp now in turn
in the lead 11 17
first match ball
the duo from Japan very beautiful Weibler leads large squares worth of these
Haberer, I want her, too, that was the same
the essential is
by Jens Trommer
March the Augur newly created
two hours ahead but not everyone dares
unfortunately again the lead for the Japanese
Match ball against the German duo 8
Prof
that's ridiculous
especially if it gets on the table and then the counter
after the city is valid
spontaneously textiles for Christian sweet in the center very difficult the situation
it will only
Double came in the course Timo Boll Paul
lifepr army
Played class
Rabbit insurer to come from this ball
It is of course a disadvantage of these nothing right conventions
Mattern did not immediately see Emmendingen
Lopar curiosity complained
the Germans
Samples and drives in their favor
Harald Rast
in this game
15 to the 12th
for the Japanese
shorten this sentence and play with 3 2 and so on
the overall ranking
Heinze two things from the Japanese point of view, so Germany will have two goals 1
Christian sweet
against the number one is for Japanese against can yoga
should lose further
with Timo Boll
the final year a silver